  Sometimes you have to work on a few things rather than focussing on one thing until completion.
  
  Recently, most of my time has been taken up by typing out the text from Theorie et Pratique (T&P) into either the Wiki, or 
into the dictionary. With so much work still yet to be done, I've decided to rotate between working on the T&P document, and
the original document (well what we believe to be the original); "Langue Musicale Universelle au moyen de laquelle tous les
Differents peuples de la Terre, les Aveugles, les Sourds et les Muets" (LMU). This document, again, in French, contains a rough
timeline of Sudre's (the creator) work on the language, as well as a couple of dictionaries and very brief grammar descriptions.

  The dictionaries in LMU are fairly detailed; usually giving most if not all parts of speech one word can represent. If
you're new to Solresol; each syllable of a word can be given an accent, which changes the part of speech it represents in a
sentence, and in some cases it may change the meaning. So if you have a four-syllable word; no accent can represent a verb,
accenting the first syllable may be a noun, second an agent noun, third an adjective, and fourth an adverb. From this, 
I've been adding each word and its meanings into my dictionary, alongside the words from T&P and a couple of other sources,
and when I can, their English translations. From here I'm able to line-up meanings across various documents to find the 
"most correct" definitions for words.

  Most of the time, words line-up perfectly. However, the definitions were updated over time the more the language was used
by Sudre and his wife. This wouldn't be such a problem if we knew which definitions were more up-to-date and or final, but
all documents we have access to were published after Sudre had passed away. When Sudre had passed, his wife made sure to
collect as much information as she could, publishing these documents in a single year, to the National Library of France.

  Sudre himself, according to second-hand accounts, published quite a few documents about the language. However, they seem to
have been lost to time for the most part. A few older documents survived, but the language had evolved between those and the
ones his wife saved. So without a doubt, Marie-Josephine Sudre, managed to save at least two of the most important documents
we are aware of. Without her part, I probably wouldn't be sitting here spending hours of my day on this language, nor typing
out these sentences.

  We do have a later document, that was published by a Boleslas Gajewski, but is no where close to being detailed enough to
reconstruct the complete language. But, being a newer document, we know the words given there are more likely to be the
most up-to-date definitions. Also due to it being newer, it was more well-preserved, and played a large part of the popularity
of Solresol during the early stages of the Internet.

  I'd better get back to work.
