  Had the idea of starting this blog today (well... I've had the thought previously but the time wasn't right), so here goes.

  Hopefully this blog is able to give some perspective on the chore that can be language revival, research and 
general niche work. In addition, I hope that it attracts some people to the language of Solresol, or as it was originally
named; the Universal Musical Language. 

  To this day, there have been many interested in the language.  But, after a certain amount of time, the communities 
had seemed to die out. Now, most information is still available on the Internet Archive, and modern information can be 
found at sidosi.org and its related links.

  I haven't kept tract of how long I've been in the community for; my current estimate is around two years. It's one
of the languages that got me into constructed linguistics, and linguistics in general. Unfortunately I seemed to have joined
during a slight lull of popularity - some major work was done only a few years prior to my joining, but there were still
a few people around.

  Near the beginning of 2020, I found a publication that hadn't been looked into by the community after all this time. As
I'm currently not attending a University course, nor working full time, I thought I would take the time to teach myself the
French language (in which Solresol was originally described and translated to) and learn whatever I could from this document.
This document ended up being a goldmine of information; filling in many holes that were left after such a long time of trying
to connect the dots with little solid information. We now have detailed examples of the language in use, as well as a greater
description of the grammar, to give you an idea of the depth of this publication.

  So, this blog will hopefully follow my journey in extracting the inner workings of this old language, as well as what is
happening in the community at the time. 

  Today, I added some sentences to the Wiki from this publication, which are written in French and Solresol. Some day I, or
whoever may help, will translate these all into English and more.
  This document I keep speaking of is called "Theorie et Pratique de la Langue Universelle", which in English would 
be "Theory and Practice of the Universal Language" - I shall shorten it to "T&P" from now on.
  In addition to those five sentences, I translated a few French words in the Dictionary I also maintain, into English; the 
words of which I have taken from T&P. It may not seem like a lot of progress for one day; and you are right. However,
this work is quite tedious, so no matter how interesting the findings may be, on a day as dull as this the work feels
the same as every other day. 

  For now, that's all I will say; ending this first blog. I intend to cover certain topics of the language and the processes
I use for this work, which will hopefully be more interesting than today. 
